
Initial Product Backlog
Product Name: 
•	League Manager

Product Overview: 
League Manager will consist of a website that will allow users to view statistics
of players participating in certain sporting events and leagues. Users will be
able to navigate throughout different leagues, teams in those leagues, and players
on those teams. They will be able to view league-wide, team-wide, and individual
player stats. Although users can freely navigate and view our website, creating
an account will allow them to create fantasy sports teams if they so choose.
With this comes the ability to participate in different fantasy leagues with
friends, coworkers, family, or simply just other users on the website.

Backlog Items: 
1.	Create Account: Allow the user to create an account on our website.
	This can be implemented via google login, or other similar login APIs.
2.	Personalize Profile: Allow user who has created an account to customize
	their profile, whether it be choosing their own profile picture/avatar,
	listing their interests and perhaps a bio.
3.	View Team Rosters: Allow users to view rosters of various teams in various
	leagues on the website.
4.	Pull and Display Data: Website needs to have access to provided database
	of teams, players, player stats, etc..
5.	View Stats from Different Teams: Allow users to view team stats from
	teams in various leagues.
6.	View Individual Player Stats: Allow users to view stats from individual
	players in our database.
7.	Ability to Sort Players: Allow users to sort their view of teams,
	players, etc. via different stat lines of their choosing.
8.	Fantasy/Dream Team Creation: Allow users to create and enter fantasy
	leagues with their friends, family, coworkers, etc.
9.	Ability to Draft Players: Allow users participating in fantasy leagues to
	host drafts, where participating users can select players they want on
	their fantasy teams. Would need to make sure that once a player is
	selected, they can no longer be selected by another user.
10.	Ability to Drop Players: Allow fantasy users who previously drafted a
	player to remove the player from their team and send them into
	“free agency.”
11.	Ability to Trade Players: With this feature, fantasy users would be able
	to negotiate trades amongst themselves, and transfer certain players to
	and from one another’s teams. 
12.	Set Fantasy Lineups: Through a user interface, allow users to customize
	and set their desired lineup for their fantasy games. This includes
	starting and benching certain players of their choosing.
